Oct 2015    : 5.0.0
  This file is not maintained. eXosip2 is stil under dev. Keep looking
  at the git on http://savannah.gnu.org/git/?group=exosip and ChangeLog.

Oct 2006    : 3.0.1
  eXosip2 is now ported to macosx, linux, windows, windows Mobile (pocket PC
  and smartphone). It's stable and mostly complete. Right now, it seems only
  TLS is missing in this layer: next NEWS will probably announce it!

Nov 2005    : 2.2.2
  eXosip was first made to build a SIP interface for a PBX. Available
  as a library, it appears soon that it was really difficult to use
  the original version without changes in other kind of SIP applications.
  Mainly, the API and the session negotiator was not providing enough
  flexibility.

  eXosip2 is an attempt to resolv those issues and at the time of
  writing this NEWS file, it appears that I'm now close to the
  initial goal: provide a flexible library for EndPoint control
  with no limitation in terms of functionnalities and evolutions.

  Main Changes:
  1: the media/session information must now be handled by the application.
      -> no negotiation issue any more
      -> eXosip provide a basic API to quickly extract SDP information,
         but this is kept optional.
      -> no limitation about the attachment or the media to be supported.

  2: the API has been refined to provide the flexibility you need. Thus,
     you now have entire control on messages so that you can support a
     lot of SIP extensions. Basically each action contains 3 steps:
      -> Ask eXosip to build a default SIP message (request or answer)
      -> Modify it (add body, session info, extra headers...)
      -> Ask eXosip to send the message.

Jun 2004    : 0.7.6
  eXosip is now quite stable. However, eXosip is not as extensible
  and powerfull as I was expecting at the beguining. This is why
  you should be aware that this version and API will probably be
  completely obselete and replaced with a future eXosip2 in some
  time.

Apr 2003    : 0.6.2
  eXosip is an extension of osip. It won't be considered stable and safe
  until this file mention it or until this notice is removed!!
